>>We have been taught
to think of Egypt
as a civilization whose
golden age occurred
2,000 or 3,000
years before Christ.
Imagining this magnificent
culture springing
from small settlements
in Biblical times
makes us wonder whether
we've got the timeline right.
World cultures have
myths that speak
of high levels of consciousness,
superior science, art,
and architecture from eons ago.
How do we reconcile this?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We are trapped in our
own concept of time,
but many cultures think on
a vastly different scale.
Science has established that
the earliest human remains
are about 2.5 million years old.
It has shifted our marker
back so that now we
are able to conceive of human
culture being much, much older.
In Indian traditions,
and in 30 other cultures,
a 26,000-year cycle is accepted.
How does that affect the
traditional chronology
of Egypt, which insists that
the pyramids were constructed
as recently as 2450 BC?
Will this force the
issue of rethinking
the chronology of ancient Egypt?
Every year, authors, scientists,
and alternative thinkers
come together for the Conference
on Precession and Ancient
Knowledge.
They share ideas about ancient
cultures, lost knowledge,
and great cycles of time.
>>I started the Conference
on Precession and Ancient
Knowledge because I
wanted to bring together
the bright minds in this whole
field of alternative history
so we can put this very ancient
puzzle back together again.
>>Geologists,
physicists, engineers,
and archeoastronomers
discuss the accepted dating
of world history.
>>I'm convinced that there
is a misunderstanding
about the tenets of
Egyptian civilization.
And I am convinced that
there is a misunderstanding
about it's dating.
>>To me, as a geologist,
it's unquestionable
that the chronology
has to be redone.
>>Knowledge of precession
and an advanced astronomy
existed in extremely
distant times.
>>So I think we're looking
at a chronology that's
far, far older than is accepted.
>>By integrating recent
scientific discoveries
in different disciplines,
they define a new timeline
of our past.
The Egyptians provided
us with concrete evidence
that describes political events
from a far more distant past
than we can imagine.
Why has this been overlooked?
>>And the Egyptians themselves,
in at least one stone tablet,
the Palermo Stone, and one
papyrus, the Turin Papyrus,
they say that ancient
Egypt is much, much older
than the Egyptologists
think it is.
So, to dismiss that is
of course an assumption
that contemporary
Egyptologists know
a lot more about
ancient Egyptian history
than ancient
Egyptians do, which is
a form of the typical
arrogance on the part
of the academic community.
>>So why do we
consider civilization
to be only about
6,000 years old?
Is it because of our
limited imagination?
Or is there another reason?
>>Modern scholars tend
to minimize the age
because it fits better with the
current paradigm of history.
The current paradigm
is 5,000 years ago
man was a hunter-gatherer.
He had to have writing before
he could build large structures
and civilizations.
He came together to protect
himself from other warring
parties, and things like this.
And so, for example,
in Caral, Peru,
when they found that amazing
six-pyramid structure
down there, they assumed
it was built by the Incas
because that's
only 500 years ago,
and Incas built most
of South America.
Well, when they got this
very good carbon dating
that shows it's 4,700
years old it really
blows a hole in
current history theory.
Generally, the
academic community
is just sort of silent
about it right now
because they don't have any good
ideas with the current theories
of history.
>>A cross-disciplinary
approach helps
us to put hard evidence
and theory together
to reach a greater
understanding.
If we consider the data coming
from astronomy, geology,
astrology, and climatology, we
can arrive at new conclusions
about the chronology
of ancient Egypt.
>>We have two sciences
that are playing with this.
We have astronomy,
we have geology.
With the pyramids, we have
a much more precise science.
They've aligned the monuments.
And they have their
religious ideas
locked to the machinery of the
sky, and the constellations,
and the sun, and so forth.
So we can use that
with high precision,
and arrive at a date.
>>How does this
information affect
the dating of the Great Pyramid?
Was it really built when
Egyptologists say it was?
>>The traditional date for the
Great Pyramids is about 2550,
or so, BC, give or take--
people argue about the dates.
And some people want to take
it down to a particular year.
I think that's a precision
that's not justified
whatsoever.
>>I like to use the metaphor
of painting a house.
If you painted your
house last in 2003,
that doesn't mean your
house was built in 2003.
So I subscribe to
the notion of there
was probably quite
a lot of work done
on the Great Pyramid in 2450
BC, but that it probably
was built quite a bit
earlier than that.
There's something very
threatening about changing
the dates because it takes us
out of the Patriarchal Era.
But I think that there was
a whole world of Egypt that
existed in matriarchal times.
And I think the evidence
is quite strong for that.
>>There is absolutely
no reason at all
why the ancient
Egyptians could not
have worked out the
precession cycle.
How do we approach the age?
Well, you have a
variety of methods.
When you're looking at
an archaeological site,
you have what we call, the
archaeological datings, which
means you look at artifacts that
you can fit into a chronology,
and you look a
potsherds, stratas.
But this can be very
deceiving because it
requires a lot of
interpretation.
Nonetheless, these
are the methods
that is predominantly
used in archeology.
The other is carbon dating.
Carbon dating is
OK up to a point.
And it's not
obviously misleading
if it's been contaminated,
and so forth.
And besides, with
many of these places,
we do not have carbon
datable material.
>>Carbon-14 dating works
only on organic materials.
But simply touching
organic materials
contaminates a sample.
Stone cannot be carbon dated.
>>There is another
form of dating,
which is to use
precession slurry.
>>What can we use
to measure time?
Are there markers that connect
to the movement of the stars?
>>The stars would shift about
one degree every 72 years.
>>It is not anymore
in the same spot.
Our planet is moving
but we can't feel it,
not in the same position.
And that will
change all the time.
Nothing stands still.
You know that our planet
make a cycle every 24 hours,
sunrise every 24 hours, right?
But our planet also
revolve in a different way.
>>Precession is the motion of
the axis of the earth, which
wobbles like a spinning top
due to gravitational pull.
>>They make one round
every 26,000 years.
>>If you have a
monument-- For example,
let's take one that we know
for sure, the Temple of Isis
at Dendera.
It's a small temple
behind the mountain.
That one is 99% sure aligned
to the rising of Sirius.
So, if we have certainty that
the temple has its axis aligned
to the rising of a star, and
we know which star it is,
then we can date it.
It's very simple.
We can do it in a
matter of minutes.
This is known as
precession astronomy.
The star moves, or appears to
move, because of the precession
or wobble and we have a date.
>>Plato called a processional
cycle of 26,000 years
a Great Year.
>>The Great Year is Plato's
term for this vast cycle
of time, one eon, one
procession of the equinox.
It's about 24,000 years.
And there's over
200 myths that talk
about this cycle of alternating
dark and golden ages,
or that make reference to a
golden age in the distant past.
30 different cultures
have passed down
these myths from time
to time, and they
all related to the movement of
the stars, which we know today
as procession.
Even Sir Isaac Newton
himself wrote a book
on it trying to
match history to each
of the constellations
in the zodiac.
And it was wiped out by the
Darwinian evolution paradigm,
which came along less than
200 years ago, where it became
inacceptable to admit that a
culture that lived long, long
before us might know
something that we don't know.
>>On different
continents, cultures
have come up with
the same ideas.
>>There is a certain
science of cycles
that's embedded into the world
age doctrine of the Maya.
You find it nicely paralleled
in Egyptian ideas, as well
as the Hindu world age
doctrine known as the Yugas.
And it's somewhat
counterintuitive to what
we've learned in our
own Western education.
It's referred to as
the myth of progress,
that human beings
today are in all ways
superior to human beings
that became before.
It's simply not true.
Cycles go through
periods of increase
and periods of decrease.
>>Mayan daykeepers
are descendants
of the ancient Mayan people,
and monitor the sacred calendar.
Each day has certain
qualities and gods.
Daykeepers follow the
movement of planets, eclipses,
and astrological alignments.
They are often trained shamans
who do divination ceremonies,
giving daily and
monthly forecasts.
>>The Maya calendar
is really interesting
because it's based
on a lunar rhythm.
And the core building block
of the sacred calendar
is this 260-day cycle.
Maya daykeepers today will
offer as an explanation for this
that it corresponds to the
human gestation period,
it's roughly nine months.
So all human beings
share this primal rhythm
of unfolding based
upon the lunar cycle.
And that's a real
interesting key
to the, what you might say,
the Mayan time philosophy.
>>There are many ways
of dividing time:
solar cycles, lunar cycles,
and larger cycles of time.
The Mayans devised their
Long Count calendar,
which combines a
cycle of 20 named days
with another cycle of 13 numbers
to produce 260 unique days.
Each of the 20 days is
linked to a different god
in Mayan mythology.
The great cycle started in 3114
BC and ends in December 2012.
>>Well, the Long Count calendar
is the most interesting
calendar that the
Maya had devised.
This is of great
interest in our times
because this large cycle
in the Long Count calendar,
this period of 13
baktuns, ends in 2012.
So there's a great
interest in figuring out
why the early Maya sky
watchers picked 2012
to end this large cycle of time.
>>The Mayans were
excellent calendar makers.
They inter-correlated
the movements
of the moon, the
sun, and even Venus
to make their
calendars very precise.
And for some reason, they have
their Long Count calendar,
the baktun, ending here in 2012.
So it seems, perhaps,
they were trying
to call attention to something.
>>Many people have been talking
about 2012 as a turning point.
What is the significance
of this date?
>>In the years around 2012,
the December solstice sun
will be lining up with the
center of our Milky Way galaxy.
This is a rare alignment in the
Great Cycle of the Precession
of the Equinoxes, this
26,000-year cycle.
Now, another thing that's
interesting about this period
of the 13-baktun cycle
that began in 3113 BC
and ends in 2012, is
its midpoint, 550 BC.
This is a time when great
world teachers appeared
on the stage of history,
Pythagoras among the Greeks,
the Buddha, Zoroaster among
the ancient early Persians.
So there's also something
to be said for the way
that the Long Count divides
up time in a certain way that
defines periods in human
culture, dawn points, high noon
points, and end points.
>>A carved stone, or stele,
describing the Long Count
calendar was discovered
at Izapa in Mexico.
It shows the center of the
Milky Way, the celestial pole,
and a sun deity.
Why was this important
to the Mayans?
>>It's really a beautiful
and profound way
of conceiving time.
And in my research, as I've
looked at Izapa, the origin
place of the 2012
calendar, I've been
able to see how
the Mayan wisdom--
it's not just some
provincial belief
system of a forgotten people.
It actually is like
a little doorway
that opens up into the
great spiritual insights
that all of the great
traditions share.
In Egypt, in India,
Islam, all the world's
great spiritual traditions share
these same universal, eternal
spiritual principles.
And it has to do
with cycle endings.
>>Just like the cycles of
birth, life, and death,
within the 26,000-year cycle,
referred to as the Great Year,
there are extended periods
of darkness and light.
These are divided into
distinct ages, known
as the golden age, the
silver age, the bronze age,
and the iron age.
>>The ancients
themselves told us
that history, mankind
would go into a dark age.
4,000, 5,000 years ago,
they viewed the past
as the golden age.
They see themselves
moving into the dark age,
and they dread it
because they know
that things are
going to get worse,
they're going to get chaotic.
Cultures all around
the world are
talking about this pre-dark age
that things are going downhill.
>>I really ascribe to the
Mayan and the Hindu idea
that the golden age,
the time of connection
into the divine wisdom, was
actually a long time ago,
and we've been moving
through periods
of increasing
densification, increasing
alienation from the
spiritual light.
>>Golden ages are
times of enlightenment,
when civilizations reach
high points in architecture,
spirituality, and benevolence.
This is considered to decline
slightly in the silver age,
further deteriorating
in the bronze age,
and reaching extreme levels
of chaos, corruption,
and ignorance in the
iron age, or dark age.
Then, the cycle works its way
back up to the next golden age.
One of the ways to measure
the 26,000-year Yuga cycles is
through the ages of the zodiac,
which the ancient Egyptians
clearly understood.
>>The origin of
the zodiacal signs
is a very good question
actually, and probably
impossible to determine.
The only one of the
signs that vaguely
looks like what it's
supposed to is Leo, the lion.
The stars making
up Virgo definitely
don't look like a
virgin, whatever
a virgin looks like these days.
And the other signs
are equally mysterious,
the Crab, the Bull,
et cetera, et cetera.
Knowledge of
precession and advance
astronomy existed in
extremely distant times.
The basis of the signs
themselves in terms of zodiac,
the wheel of life or
the wheel of animals,
there are different translations
of that-- If you really
want to know what
the sign signify,
you have to go
into the qualities
and properties of
the signs themselves.
In other words, each
sign is male or female,
each sign is fire,
earth, air, water.
>>Each of the 12 signs of the
zodiac has distinct energies.
There are four elements,
earth, or material signs, air,
or intellectual signs, water,
or emotional signs, and fire,
or creative signs.
By looking at the 12 zodiac,
or ages, of about 2,000 years
each, we can rethink the
Egyptian's concepts of time
and re-create the chronology.
>>There is a gap in
our historical record.
>>The Palermo Stone
and the Turin Papyrus
are evidence from the
Egyptians themselves,
and convey information
from rulers far back
in Egyptian history.
>>And they give
the reignal years
and the name of each
of these rulers.
And when you compute
all of those names
and put the numbers together,
you get a date somewhere
around 34,000, 36,000 BC.
At the same time, roughly,
that 36,000 34,000 year date
corresponds to the
Vedas of India,
the Vedic civilization of India,
which also gives a date, which
when you when you work it
out, comes out to something
like 40,000 years
before our current era.
So we have two great,
sophisticated civilizations
that have documented their own
belief that their civilization
started back around
that kind of time.
>>It is interesting to note
that this is roughly one
and one half
processional cycles ago,
dating back to a
previous golden age.
The Sphinx, with its lion body,
screams out as a Leo symbol,
as a marker for an age of Leo.
The last age of Leo had it's
ingress at around 10,500 BC.
So that's the date favored by
Graham and by Robert Bauval.
I'm hesitant to accept that
date myself because the last ice
age comes to a catastrophic
end somewhere around 11,000,
11,500 BC.
It certainly followed,
and this is known,
there are the
quaternary extinctions.
All the mammoths and
the woolly rhinoceroses
die all over the world.
Siberia, which was temperate,
becomes tundra and arctic.
North America, which was under
a couple of miles of ice sheet,
melts, and all that
water goes into the sea.
The sea rises 300
feet over the course
of a couple of thousand
years, but in stages.
And some of those
stages, very precipitous,
maybe corresponding
to the biblical flood
and possibly Plato's
Atlantis myth.
So under these circumstances,
which are catastrophic
the world over, to
me, it seems unlikely
that the Sphinx, and the
pyramids, which presupposes
a settled, and stable,
and sophisticated society,
could have built those
amazing structures
under those kinds of conditions.
So that leaves anything
before 10,500 BC,
but I like the idea
of the Leo symbolism,
so the next age of Leo back
is 26,000 years earlier.
And that puts it back
at around 36,000 BC,
which, outrageous as it sounds,
by a process of exclusion,
turns out to be maybe less
outrageous because there are
big problems with those
other later dates.
>>Looking at the weathering
on the Sphinx and the Sphinx
enclosure, that
weathering was clearly
formed by runoff
from precipitation.
>>It is indeed water weathering
and precipitation-induced,
so it has to have been
done in the distant past.
And the question, then, is
how distant was that past?
>>It could take tens of
thousands of years for the Nile
to have migrated eight miles.
Can we use this evidence
to re-date these monuments?
>>When you look at
geology, you can
see that the riverbed
has migrated all the way
from the west, beyond 50
kilometers to the west,
then it passed
across the plateau,
and you can see that the
ancient riverbed actually
went right up the
pyramids and the initiates
could have stepped right
off these barges up
onto the causeways
into the pyramids.
Now if you look, the Nile is a
full eight miles to the east,
and it's the dividing point
between Cairo and Giza.
And so if we look
at geological time,
it would take several tens of
thousands of years in order
for the Nile to
make that migration.
We can compare that to
places like Tiahuanaco
in Bolivia that
almost certainly was
on the edge of Lake Titicaca,
and now it's 50 miles away.
So it changes the whole
idea of how ancient
these places could have been.
>>How many thousands
of years does it
take for a river to
make this huge journey?
The oases of Al
Kharga and Faiyoum
run parallel to the Nile
today, but 100 kilometers west.
It seems that the river
migrated all the way from here
to its current course.
Evidence of ancient
human settlements
has been found in the
area that is now desert,
but once had water.
At these locations
are stone circles
indicating a knowledge
of astronomy.
What does it tell us
about the distant past?
What can we conclude
you about the dating
of the pyramids and the Sphinx?
>>All I can really say at this
point, given the data I have,
is that I think it has been
at least back to 5,000 BC.
Could it be older?
In fact, might it well be older?
Yes.
Generally, if sort of
pressed for dates, I'll say,
my best estimate is somewhere
in the period of 7,000 to 5,000
BC.
So that's really a working
range that I'm comfortable with.
We're also finding, elsewhere
in Egypt and around the world,
that other things were happening
in that same period, 7,000
to 5,000, approximately,
BC that, to me, puts
the Sphinx into
a larger regional
and global setting, that it's
not just a isolated thing.
It doesn't seem as isolated
as it did 15 years ago
when we had less knowledge.
You come to tentative
conclusions.
If more data comes in that seems
to indicate something else,
I don't ever want to be afraid
to change my conclusions
and go where the
evidence takes me.
>>I'll stick with my
extreme 36,000 BC date
until proved otherwise.
And if proved otherwise,
I will change my mind.
>>How can we tie the concept
of the Yuga, or Vedic cycles,
into something more
concrete that we
can recognize in
our own history?
If we re-examined the
stories that are often
dismissed as fanciful
myth, we might
find that it indicates
greater forces in play.
>>Those of us that
are seriously looking
at this old Vedic concept of
the world ages, the cycle,
we know that the golden age,
the last golden age-- basically,
the peak of the cycle-- was
about 11,500 BC, the highest
point.
But we also know
that Plato mentions
a series of catastrophes,
which have come down
to us as the Atlantis
legend, in which he claims
that, on our calendar system
it would have been around 9,500
BC, some tremendous upheaval
apparently occurred.
A lot of destruction.
Isn't it also possible that
for all of those maybe several
thousand years, whatever
those catastrophes were,
were so cataclysmic that
even with that silver age
or golden age
consciousness, they
weren't fully able to recover.
The end of the golden
age and the decline
into the following
silver age, or what
we would refer to as
mental age, marked the time
at which we were falling out
of this state on this planet
where the average person had
the potential, the capability,
to be in a very high
state of awareness.
And they were a far more
enlightened and benevolent
society than we would be
able to even imagine now.
But they were beginning to lose
that almost divine state that
exists in the golden age.
And as they started to
descend into the silver age,
there began to be more of an
emphasis on what we would now
refer to as sacred sites
and sacred structures.
>>You could almost
think of it as machines
to enhance consciousness, or
to create an environment where,
you might call it altered
states of experience,
but changes in consciousness,
expansion of consciousness.
>>What these were
really intended to do,
it wasn't so much for
the selfish purpose of,
for example, boosting
up a few individuals.
This actually had to do with a
much larger global perspective.
And that's, effectively,
what the Great Pyramid was.
It was, basically, a device,
a generator for, if you will,
broadcasting and transmitting
throughout the planetary
structure a type of field which
uplifted the entire humanity.
For at least 1,000
years this structure
performed beautifully.
My guess is that it
probably did a lot
to help offset the fall
into the dark ages.
And I think what
the pyramids did
is that for those individuals
that were at least somewhat
receptive, it just kind of
kept that energy polarized
into the higher centers.
>>This is very real.
I think this is very important.
It's like a great art, or
great spiritual insight,
expansion of consciousness.
In a way, there's nothing
more important than that.
>>It couldn't do it
forever because eventually
mother nature is
going to win out.
And this cycle is
part of nature.
It's as much a part of the
natural world as day and night
are.
We have the ability to grasp
those electromagnetic forces
and the more fundamental
forces that underlie those to,
basically, prop up humanity
for a while using the system.
Now, the pyramids only
have a very direct effect
if you're close to them, which
is the way it is in this age.
If we go stand in
the pyramid, we
might feel an effect like that.
But, I suspect,
thousands of years
ago you didn't
have to be near it.
I think it was probably
a global effect.
>>The physical structure
could only do so much.
The wisdom keepers
created social structures
as an additional
influence to extend
the energy of the golden age by
creating mystery schools that
preserved the ancient knowledge.
>>The whole idea of
the schools of mystery,
and the ancient knowledge, and
preserving those traditions
that had come down from those
fabulous ages, that was lost.
And then, eventually,
it was ridiculed,
and then finally, it
had to go underground
because people would either
actively burn those texts
or persecute the people
who had that belief system.
And I think, at that point,
we were in the dark ages.
>>The exact end of the cycle
of darkness is approaching.
Each winter solstice
before 2012, our sun
comes into close alignment
with the galactic center.
This means we are beginning
to feel the shift of energy
already, even though
the exact conjunction is
December the 21st, 2012.
>>So all signs point
to the interpretation
that we are deep into the
period of increasing darkness.
What happens at the end of that
downward trend is a turnabout.
And I believe that that's where
we are right now in history.
The Mayan material
for 2012 basically
indicates this turnabout
point, this point
of maximized spiritual darkness.
But then, in the cycles of
time, we turn the corner,
and we have an
opportunity to open up
to the transformational
energies that
can sweep us into
the next cycle.
>>I hope that the
Mayan ancestors trying
to interpret the few
writings that are left
are correct, that
it means there's
going to be some quickening,
or something like that,
because that would
actually go with our latest
understanding of the Yugas.
What a Yuga cycle really is is
one precession of the equinox.
Using these later
scholars' interpretation,
we're actually in
the very early stages
of consciousness accelerating.
>>It has to do with
the opportunity
that we have to open up
to the divine wisdom,
to the transformational
energies.
But it always comes
down to free will.
Nothing is predetermined.
It always comes down
to a choice that we all
have to close down
in fear, succumb
to fear, close down, become more
limited in our consciousness,
or open up, open up to the
blessing of the connection
to the higher wisdom
that is symbolized
in the Maya tradition by the
galactic center, the womb
of the Great Mother, that
which can transform and renew.
>>Could the ancients
have had it right?
Perhaps we should
consider that we, too,
can return to high
levels of consciousness,
heightened perception,
and inspired creativity.
It would serve us
well to embrace nature
and to protect the
planet's environment.
Can we go beyond religious
dogma and allow ourselves
to imagine what
lies beyond death?
How would humanity change if,
instead of material wealth,
consciousness was
our highest value?
>>The ideas depicted
in "The Pyramid Code"
revolutionize accepted beliefs
about the purpose and the age
of the pyramids and the Sphinx.
Clearly not tombs,
these ancient structures
may have been used to
access and transmit
a type of energy that
affects human consciousness.
We have seen concrete evidence
of high-level technology
with laser-cut crystals,
polished, black basalt floors,
and curious and
sophisticated instruments,
including those that generated
energy from sound and light.
Looking at the old
riverbed, it seems clear
that the Nile has
migrated over time,
and that it once flowed to
the east of the pyramids.
The ancient Egyptians
built temples
using sacred geometry
corresponding
to cavities in the human body.
They had a profound belief in
the significance of the stars
and how the patterns
of the constellations
corresponded to our
place in the cosmos.
They understood
large cycles of time,
and they kept meticulous records
of the motion of the stars
and planets.
The ancients had a deep
respect for the sacred feminine
principle, and the
importance of balancing
the sacred masculine
and the sacred feminine.
From pre-dynastic
to dynastic times,
the ancients maintained a
deep reverence for nature.
They were astonishingly
creative and artistic.
From clues left on
temple walls, it
seems clear that our
Egyptian ancestors accessed
altered states of consciousness.
Their primary
concerns were how we
arrived in our earthly bodies,
described in terms of biology,
and what happened when we left
our earthly bodies, described
in terms of cosmology.
Our ancestors left
clues embedded
in symbols that had
multiple layers of meaning.
They were empowered humans
using the full capacity
of their senses.
Today, our planet is
in trouble politically,
economically,
environmentally, and morally.
Many will agree that corrupt
people hold places of power.
Citizens are taxed
beyond reason,
and riches are amassed by an
elite that controls the world.
With all this evidence of the
sophisticated science left
by the ancients, can we
still uphold the belief
that we are the most
advanced society that
has ever existed
on planet Earth?
Is today's test-driven
education system effective?
Instead of rote
memorization of facts,
what would happen if
today's youth were
taught to expand their
capacity to know?
If we were taught to
seek truth and justice
living by the
ancient law of Ma'at,
how would our society change?
Taking our cue
from the ancients,
if we live in tune with nature,
in an atmosphere of creativity
and peace, and if we
connect to spirituality,
is this the answer to a
healthy future for humanity?
The ominous date of
December the 21st,
2012, is fast approaching.
Does this herald doomsday, or
could it be a powerful gateway
into new ways of
being and thinking?
Are we turning the
corner and ascending out
of the age of
darkness to journey
toward a new golden age?
Is it possible that
the ancients living
in a golden age in
the distant past
were able to see into
future cycles of time?
Could they have
predicted that humanity
would plummet into the
depths of collective despair?
Could they have predicted that
humans would be disempowered,
thus losing their
connection to spirituality.
Did they leave magnificent
structures skillfully aligned
to the stars and
encoded with symbols
to act as a trigger
for us to wake up now?
It seems humanity is
at a crucial juncture
as we approach 2012.
Are we ready to walk
forward into a new future?
Have we finally cracked
the pyramid code?
>>Wake up.
We have it.
We got it.
Just know that we
have it, and it works.
[MUSIC PLAYING]